try to solve for the future okay this the age right now you are the best
as cheerleader you're the best person in charge where all the the
health of the team so what are you captain they will post graduate
schools are a lot of suicide at that point maybe why okay was before
okay what should be aware of your for the bill okay yeah all the sudden
the other acting strange yeah I want to work for a lot of the chain
of command if you have a question about anyways where they all
okay divorces sadly they are able to divorce all the sudden effects
person well okay spots yes the same way so mom or dad down sister or
brother all the sudden the mental health aspect to it that well what
the X. to the point where the Excelsior training maybe a chapel over
ask questions you do not want to land on the person team member if
you live on the net aka feel secure or it's going to be even worse
yeah so I chose a jobs with the job of the route so so so long as we
often but there's a problem that all the better way to do it and you'll
get a yeah first level one that I've had one suicide or more ships
will work for ships and I've had three deaths I thought we had
a walk through all the personal take care of it so have to be aware